In this lecture we are going to talk about Lange Chain's ecosystem.
So Lange Chain library and its surrounding ecosystem is what makes Lange chain so special for building
large language model based applications.
So Lange chain has got two most important component, which is the Lange, Smith and Lange graph.
I mean, apart from the Lange chain library itself, these two are the next most important component
that the Lange chain has got in its ecosystem.
So Lange Smith is mainly used for tracing and evaluating your large language models, applications,
and intelligent agent to help you move your prototype to production.
That is what this Lange Smith is all about, and this is mainly used for evaluation for every single
step that you perform in the Lange chain, while you're writing the library and how your application
really behaves under the hood, that is, what is this?
Lange Smith?
And you are going to be using this quite a lot in this entire course.
And the next one is the Lange graph.
I mean, Lange graph is a library for building stateful multi actor applications with a large language
models used to create agents and multi-agent workflow.
And this is again going to be very very important and useful.
While you are going to be creating an agent and you will be understanding how this workflow of the agent
can be controlled, binded with different tools and how you work with those agents for your production
ready application.
So that is what this line graph is all about.
I'm going to quickly show you how this Lang Smith is going to look like, and how you can get started
with this in this particular lecture, so that while we start working with the Lang Smith, you will
have no surprise what this Lang Smith is all about.
All right.
So this is the Lang Chain website, as you can see over here.
And this Lang chain has got Lang chain, lang Smith and Lang graph.
And these are the three components that they have got.
As I told you in the ecosystem, this Lang Smith and land graph are the most important component apart
from the Lang chain library itself.
So if you go to the Lang Smith over here, it's going to bring up this particular page over here.
And they give you the information of how this particular Lang Smith is going to be useful.
Like you can see that how many people have signed up and how many logs are being traced every single
day, and how many monthly active team members are there, and what are the things that it does and
all those details is available.
So you can just go ahead and sign up from here.
And I have already signed up with my GitHub account.
So if I just go, you will see that it is going to take me up to this particular dashboard over here.
So this is the, uh, this is the welcome page you have got.
And there are some observability traces that you can see from here.
So this is the one that I have got the execute automation learning over here.
And there is also a default, uh, tracing project, which is something that is not going to show you
any information, but the one that you are seeing over here, this is your automation.
Learning is the one that I created it over here.
And if I go to this automation learning project, you will notice that it is going to show quite a lot
of different options or operations over here.
It's going to show me like uh, like the runnable with message history.
And there is also, uh, with a lot of information over here.
You can see that if I just keep going down below, it's, uh, runnable sequence comes in.
And there is also runnable parallels and runnable templates, chat prompt templates.
There are many things going to come up over here.
So if I go and click any one of the runnable with a message history, it's going to show you some information
over here.
So what are the things that I have uh, given as an input.
And what is the input history coming up.
What is the load history and what is the check going to come up?
And what is the model which is being used behind the scene.
So these are things is going to happen for me.
Uh, behind the scene.
Guys like all these informations are going to be coming up from there.
We are going to talk about how these things are going to be coming up over here, and how we can make
use of this particular traceability from this particular langschmidt in later part of this course.
But at least you have got the first taste of what is going to be coming up in this particular course.
I mean, this long chain message is going to keep on increasing in this particular Lange Smith even
further with even more information.
What you're seeing over here is just the basic operation, but it's going to keep on increasing even
further.
So that's about the Lange Smith for us.
And you can also see there is something called as Lange Graff.
As I told you, this Lange graph is mainly used for the agents to control how the workflow should work
with.
And this is also used by many, uh, many fortune 500 companies.
And you can see what they have got over here.
But anyways, when we talk about agent and how we're going to be using this particular Lange graph,
I'll be talking about that even further.
But at least for now, you got the taste of what this Lange chain, Lange Smith and Lange Graff are
starting our next section.
We are going to see how we can first start working with the Olama within our local machine.
What is the Olama?
How to import the large language model within our local machine and start using it.
And then following that, we are going to start working with the Lange chain itself.